Update OpenTelemetry dosc for Java v8 (#12209)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/performance/opentelemetry-setup/without-java-agent/java.mdx

1. Using a property on startup

Add `-Dotel.java.global-autoconfigure.enabled=true` to the `java` command when starting your application.

2. Using `AutoConfiguredOpenTelemetrySdk`

```java {tabTitle: Java}
import io.opentelemetry.sdk.autoconfigure.AutoConfiguredOpenTelemetrySdk;

AutoConfiguredOpenTelemetrySdk.builder()
  .setResultAsGlobal()
  .addPropertiesSupplier(() -> {
    final Map<String, String> properties = new HashMap<>();
    properties.put("otel.logs.exporter", "none");
    properties.put("otel.metrics.exporter", "none");
    properties.put("otel.traces.exporter", "none");
    return properties;
  })
  .build();
```

```kotlin {tabTitle: Kotlin}
import io.opentelemetry.sdk.autoconfigure.AutoConfiguredOpenTelemetrySdk

AutoConfiguredOpenTelemetrySdk.builder()
  .setResultAsGlobal()
  .addPropertiesSupplier{
    return mapOf(
      "otel.logs.exporter" to "none",
      "otel.metrics.exporter" to "none",
      "otel.traces.exporter" to "none"
    )
  }
  .build()
```

#### Initializing Sentry

> You can initialize Sentry as usual, e.g. by calling `Sentry.init`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can initialize Sentry as usual, fore example, by calling `Sentry.init`:
```
